After completing the assignment, be sure to push to Github and Heroku.
Please answer the questions in this text file and submit it to I-Learn.

1. Copy and paste the URL for your web application (e.g., Heroku):
https://backend-shop-341.herokuapp.com/

2. Copy and paste the URL for your source code repository (e.g., GitHub):
    https://github.com/edenborrowman

3. Briefly list and describe the elements of the application that are functioning. 
    I think everything is working...mostly (see #4)

4. Briefly describe any pieces of the assignment that are not yet working correctly.
    I think I have a bug, but I can't track it down and it's inconsistent. Sometimes when I log out and then log back in, I get a 500 error when I add items to the cart. I'm still investigating what might be causing that.

5. Briefly describe the "coolest" thing you learned while completing this assignment.
    I first logged onto a website in 1992. It's been a while ago. Somehow it was just this week when I first learned what all the error codes are/what they mean.

6. If you could change this assignment to be more effective or helpful, what would you change?
    I think there was a little bug in Max's code. He has you hard-code an ID in at one point but never tells you to remove it. It's still in his own "cheater" code. It causes the app to crash. I wish he'd have caught and fixed that. It took me 2 hours (and Griffin Pope's expert help) to find it.

7. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment:
   1 - Some attempt was made
   2 - Developing, but significantly deficient
   3 - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate
   4 - Meets requirements
   5 - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements

   I think I'll give myself a 5. I worked hard.

8. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.

    Once again, I spent hours tracking down an error. It turned out to be something dumb, which seems to be par for the course for me.