After completing the assignment, be sure to push to Github and Heroku.
Please answer the questions in this text file and submit it to I-Learn.

1. Copy and paste the URL for your web application (e.g., Heroku):
https://backend-shop-341.herokuapp.com/

2. Copy and paste the URL for your source code repository (e.g., GitHub):
    https://github.com/edenborrowman

3. Briefly list and describe the elements of the application that are functioning. 
    I think everything is working. Last week I got the feedback that the 500 error message wasn't always working, and I think I tracked down why. It's working for me now, and hopefully it works for everyone.

4. Briefly describe any pieces of the assignment that are not yet working correctly.
    I think it's all there.

5. Briefly describe the "coolest" thing you learned while completing this assignment.
   It was fun to dip a toe back into the front end world as I styled my shop. It's also cool to see everything come together.

6. If you could change this assignment to be more effective or helpful, what would you change?
   I don't really know how to answer this. I have learned from the assignment, though I didn't really enjoy the format. I wish Max was a bit easier to follow. He copies and pastes a lot, which is great, unless you're trying to type along and your eyes are off the screen for a split second...in which case you're lost. That happened to me a lot.

7. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment:
   1 - Some attempt was made
   2 - Developing, but significantly deficient
   3 - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate
   4 - Meets requirements
   5 - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements

   I think I'll give myself a 5. I worked really hard.

8. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.

    I tried to make the shop my own. I made custom error pages with fun CSS and JS effects. I styled everything. I practiced CRUD by changing up the cart page. I put a lot of hours into tracking down my error page problem. I know I've learned a lot.